Local Animal Video Goes Viral
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/03/28_youtube_-_web.mp3

The Exchange: Sen. Lyman Hoffman
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/03/theexchangea.mp3

Unalaska Officials Work to Put Best Face Forward in Juneau
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/03/14_lobbying_pkg2_0.MP3

St. Paul Residents Say Trident Settlement Could Hurt Town&#039;s Economy
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/12/20111229_ingest_043913610.mp3?orgId=743

Fuel shortages spread to Pribilofs
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-681175.mp3

Fire on Pacific Glacier extinguished, say owners
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-680739.mp3

Fire contained, Pacific Glacier heads for Dutch Harbor
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-680687.mp3

Emergency fuel reaches Nikolski, but hopes still rest on barge
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-679937.mp3

Booming opie season hits halfway mark
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-678498.mp3

Coast Guard calls off search for balloonist
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-677173.mp3

Nikolski receives emergency shipment, hopes for fuel barge next week
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-676803.mp3

Nikolski still waiting on fuel following missed barge delivery
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-667398.mp3

Q Tribe wants Selendang owners to pay cultural damages
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-666370.mp3

Disabled freighter gets up and running again near Attu
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-662898.mp3

Fireworks veteran lights up Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-662717.mp3

FCA wins minor victory on bycatch suit
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-660757.mp3

Late night quake shakes Adak
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-660365.mp3

FCA trawler catches on fire at OSI dock
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-658017.mp3

North Pacific council: no pollock for Adak
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-657976.mp3

Canadian fishermen say pollock bycatch violates salmon treaty
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-656431.mp3

North Pacific council looks likely to pass lower pollock quota
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-656087.mp3

Captain Sig catches heat on endorsement deal
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-650061.mp3

Salmon bycatch in pollock fishery reaches new highs
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-648282.mp3

Unalaskans order one last round at legendary bar
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-647168.mp3

A rough pollock B season comes to an end
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-644744.mp3

Greenpeace looks for allies in the Pribilofs
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-644029.mp3

City investigators: no misconduct in last week&#039;s election
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-638817.mp3

Full audio of election investigation conclusion
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-638815.mp3

Election investigation could wrap up this afternoon
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-638721.mp3

Crab TACs jump for 2007/2008 season
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-633637.mp3

Body of fisheries observer found near Westward dock
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-630303.mp3

Qawalangin Tribe to file cultural claim over Selendang Ayu spill
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-627297.mp3

Whale necropsy looking unlikely
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-626958.mp3

Twenty-nine Unalaskans get US citizenship
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-625260.mp3

Greenpeace pays respects to Amchitka blast site
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-623388.mp3

Pollock shift worries fishermen
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-616319.mp3

10th annual Camp Qungaayux kicks off in Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-614797.mp3

A bad week for Uncle Ted, a good one for Caldero
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-614078.mp3

Crews test new towing system in Dutch Harbor
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-613535.mp3

NOAA researchers find large pollock stocks, but not near Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-613330.mp3

3,000-year-old mask found on Amaknak Island
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-613223.mp3

Church group restores Unalaska bishop&#039;s house
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-610262.mp3

Youth Peace Poster Contest Combines Art with Activism
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/12/20111215_ingest_213503189.mp3?orgId=743

Pollock Debate Could Mean More Input from Fishermen in Management Process
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/12/20111212_ingest_224951216.mp3?orgId=743

Flag Ceremony Honors Coast Guard History
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/12/20111212_ingest_215811776.mp3?orgId=743

Aleutian Rock Art Rediscovered
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/12/20111209_ingest_141003921.mp3?orgId=743

Port crews test new response equipment
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-608959.mp3

Japanese begin third search for war dead on Attu
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-608057.mp3

Kamchatka volcano spews ash over Aleutians
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-605017.mp3

Former St. Paul tribal leader admits to selling seal genitalia
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-600143.mp3

Another blacklisted tramper arrives in Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-599218.mp3

NEAFC: Alaska pollock can leave Morocco, but Polestar can&#039;t
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-598538.mp3

City manager: Original Makushin idea won&#039;t work
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-597981.mp3

NMFS knew tramper was blacklisted during Dutch Harbor visit
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-595468.mp3

Dutch Harbor pollock shows up on pirate tramper in Morocco
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-594697.mp3

Filipino divas&#039; tour packs them in in Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-599678.mp3

Unalaska students monitor stream health
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-583360.mp3

&#039;Deadliest Catch&#039; turns fishermen into rock stars
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-581057.mp3

Body found Friday may be missing processor
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-580694.mp3

NMFS to buy back four freezer-longliner licenses
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-579146.mp3

Huge rockfish found in Pribilof Canyon
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-578325.mp3

North Pacific Council shoots down Maruha-Nichiro inquiry
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-577837.mp3

Deadliest Catch season 3 premieres
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-577781.mp3

Five boats freed after icy night near St. Paul
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-576582.mp3

City looks to local fixes for shipping safety
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-574647.mp3

Lydia Black, scholar of the Aleutians, dies at 81
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-573033.mp3

Opilio season booming, but strange
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-566987.mp3

PacSteve plans generate controversy at council meeting
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-566578.mp3

SBX radar reaches Aleutians
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-564997.mp3

Search continues for missing processor
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-564401.mp3

NMFS study finds continued decline among Pribilofs&#039; seals
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-564114.mp3

Seattle couple plans 4,000-mile walk to Aleutians
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-560842.mp3

Stellar Sea arrives safely in Dutch Harbor
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-560118.mp3

Tsunami brings warning, but no damage
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-559519.mp3

Carl E. Moses Small Boat Harbor Open for Business
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/12/20111207_ingest_214439651.mp3?orgId=743

Unalaska City School Celebrates Blue Ribbon Award
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/11/20111130_ingest_211025533.mp3?orgId=743

Handymen Without Green Thumbs
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/11/20111129_ingest_215347337.mp3?orgId=743

Unalaska continues to explore geothermal power
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-557152.mp3

Crab fisherman faces explosive charges
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-553917.mp3

Could &quot;ocean ranching&quot; restore blue king crabs?
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-553902.mp3

Project Santa visits Aleutian villages
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-552089.mp3

Study: AK fishing jobs up 1.7 percent in 2005
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-551817.mp3

Two years after Selendang Ayu, Aleutians still vulunerable
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-550075.mp3

Edgmon victory marks end of a political era in Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-541559.mp3

Pumpkin Run returns to the Aleutians
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-538726.mp3

Deceased woman wins school board race in Adak
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-538725.mp3

Nikolski gets some fuel, but still waiting on barges
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-538069.mp3

Fuel barges scheduled to go to Nikolski
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-537421.mp3

Unalaska Fisheries Report
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-536396.mp3

USCGC Jarvis has Zenith in tow
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-536395.mp3

Impasse on crab prices
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-535197.mp3

Fishermen won&#039;t leave Dutch until prices set
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-535161.mp3

Unalaska Fisheries Report
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-535346.mp3

Archaelogists won&#039;t finish Amaknak excavation this fall
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-534705.mp3

Amchitka&#039;s status with DOE changes
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-533120.mp3

Carl Moses announces write-in candidacy
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-533051.mp3

Edgmon wins in historic coin toss
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-531358.mp3

Edgmon victory means unpredictable election
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-531654.mp3

Unalaska Fisheries Report
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-531141.mp3

Moses vs. Edgmon to be settled by coin toss on Monday
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-531139.mp3

Seasick runners compete in Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-529567.mp3

Unalaska Fisheries Report
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-528976.mp3

New invasive weed spotted in Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-528767.mp3

Dead seabirds puzzle Unalaska observers
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-528021.mp3

Unalaska Fisheries Report
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-527245.mp3

WWII submarine apparently discovered near Kiska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-526930.mp3

New houses discovered at Amaknak bridge site
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-526247.mp3

Work is finished on Cougar Ace salvage
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-525239.mp3

Camp Qungaayux concludes
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-525238.mp3

Work on Cougar Ace should wrap up today
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-525163.mp3

Camp Qungaayux
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-525230.mp3

Unalaska Fisheries Report
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-525011.mp3

Rie Munoz in Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-524934.mp3

Cougar Ace arrives in Dutch Harbor
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-524929.mp3

Salvage team begins towing Cougar Ace north to the Aleutians
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-523262.mp3

Man falls to his death during salvage operation
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-523261.mp3

Salvage crew heads to Cougar Ace
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-522401.mp3

Cougar Ace crew members rescued
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-522199.mp3

Bo&#039;s Odyssey
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-521795.mp3

Unalaska Fisheries Report
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-521768.mp3

Squid causes trouble for pollock fishery
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-521367.mp3

As Other Trade Shows Flounder, Fish Expo Shows Steady Growth
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/11/20111121_ingest_215640385.mp3?orgId=743

Archeological Dig Finds Link Between Unalaska and Adak
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/11/20111114_ingest_221334443.mp3?orgId=743

Bristol Bay Season Echoes Derby Days
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/11/20111114_ingest_221406590.mp3?orgId=743

Unalaska Fisheries Report
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-520702.mp3

Local lawmakers wary of gov&#039;s tax proposal
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-520436.mp3

Earthquakes rock western Aleutians
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-519986.mp3

Unalaska man sets sail for Seward
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-519949.mp3

Unalaska Fisheries Report
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-519560.mp3

Carl Moses fights to keep state House seat
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-519298.mp3

New Online Venture Aims to Fill Newspaper Void
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/10/20111026_ingest_224439755.mp3?orgId=743

Emergency Towing System Could Be Used on Smaller Fishing Vessels
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/10/20111020_ingest_200734410.mp3?orgId=743

Local Teacher Rides for Cancer Research
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/10/20111018_ingest_041919773.mp3?orgId=743

ACE Adds Passenger Flights
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/10/20111012_ingest_150712532.mp3?orgId=743

North Pacific Fishery Management Council Meeting Kicks Off in Unalaska
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/09/20110928_ingest_202735347.mp3?orgId=743

Solo Sailor Press On Through Alaska
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/09/20110927_ingest_052328995.mp3?orgId=743

Two Joyriders Wreak Havoc Across Unalaska
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/09/20110920_ingest_230456772.mp3?orgId=743

Locals Shape Area Research
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/09/20110916_ingest_224750768.mp3?orgId=743

Unalaska City School Earns Blue Ribbon Award
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/09/20110916_ingest_222957457.mp3?orgId=743

Small Fire Set at Haunted Hospital
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/09/20110915_ingest_223212871.mp3?orgId=743

Researchers Work To Build Better Tsunami Maps
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/09/20110913_ingest_21471673.mp3?orgId=743

Aleutian Island Risk Assessment Calls for More Tugs in the Aleutian Region
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/09/20110913_ingest_002841512.mp3?orgId=743

Federal Managers Travel for Local Input on WWII Monument
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/09/20110908_ingest_224013801.mp3?orgId=743

6.8 Quake Determined To Be an Aftershock of June Tremor
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/09/20110902_ingest_203933433.mp3?orgId=743

Earthquake Means Lost Sleep But No Tsunami for Residents
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/09/20110902_ingest_104345218.mp3?orgId=743

Despite High Hopes, Slow Fishing for Pollock
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/08/20110831_ingest_220545870.mp3?orgId=743

Coastal Management Supporters Working on Two Approaches to Reinstate Program
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/03/12_acmp_-_web.mp3

The Exchange: Mayor Shirley Marquardt on the Legislative Session
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/03/07ExchangePart1_web.mp3

The Exchange: Chef Rich Bye on Tacos
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/03/07ExchangePart2_web.mp3

Northern Waters Task Force Focuses on Shipping, Fishing
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/08/20110825_ingest_215012273.mp3?orgId=743

Legislators Flock to Unalaska for Fly-In
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/08/20110825_ingest_214415714.mp3?orgId=743

City Celebrates Small Boat Harbor Development
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/08/20110825_ingest_190847401.mp3?orgId=743

City Revives Recycling Program
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/08/20110817_ingest_220932385.mp3?orgId=743

PSP Levels Down in Aleutian Region
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/08/20110815_ingest_233456535.mp3?orgId=743

Makushin Gets an Instrument Update, While Cleveland Continues to Steam
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/08/20110812_ingest_215434882.mp3?orgId=743

Grenade Found on Local Beach
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/08/20110810_ingest_232312728.mp3?orgId=743

Dutch Harbor Fisherman To Remain Open
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/08/20110808_ingest_222721400.mp3?orgId=743

Flights From Alaska to Kamchatka to Resume
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/08/20110802_ingest_16571677.mp3?orgId=743

More Bycatch but Bigger Runs for Chum Salmon
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/07/20110728_ingest_233337939.mp3?orgId=743

Council Gets Update on Capital Projects, Rejects Utilities Ordinance
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/07/20110727_ingest_230235327.mp3?orgId=743

Review Panel Questions NMFS&#039; Science on Steller Sea Lions
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/07/20110727_ingest_2244404.mp3?orgId=743

Area Runners Brave Rough Weather for Ballyhoo Run
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/07/20110725_ingest_223949944.mp3?orgId=743

Cleveland Volcano Showing Thermal Activity
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/07/20110720_ingest_233301776.mp3?orgId=743

Hamming It Up on St. Matthew
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/07/20110719_ingest_234048344.mp3?orgId=743

Pacific Cod Fleet Continues Transition to Cooperative System
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/07/20110719_ingest_231545644.mp3?orgId=743

Illegal King Crab Auction Raises Eyebrows
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/07/20110714_ingest_001333478.mp3?orgId=743

The Unalaska Yacht Club
/

The Tustumena&#039;s Tasty Trade
/

No Additional Restrictions at Wislow this July
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/06/20110629_ingest_213535797.mp3?orgId=743

NASA Returns to Arctic to Study Sea Ice Decline
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2011/06/20110629_ingest_214246116.mp3?orgId=743

Tourists descend upon Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-974605.mp3

All ages compete in solstice run
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-974520.mp3

Drones to survey Steller sea lion habitat
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-974247.mp3

Veteran police officer to leave community
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-974248.mp3

Strong start for Wislow sockeye run
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-974246.mp3

Food security project aims to construct greenhouses across the Aleutians
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-973822.mp3

Kulluk to leave Unalaska for modifications
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-973635.mp3

Prototype system prevents stability hazards aboard F/V Epic Explorer
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-973630.mp3

Area villages welcome floating health fair
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-973424.mp3

Fleet cautiously optimistic about pollock B season
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-973235.mp3

Prescription meds targeted in break-in; arrest made in pickup crash
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-973234.mp3

Redistricting board divides Aleutians; court challenges likely
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-972712.mp3

Felony charges filed in injury truck crash
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-972496.mp3

Eagle attacks reported near Dutch Harbor post office
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-972321.mp3

Bering Fisheries sees potential in small boat fleet
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-972500.mp3

Ounalashka Corporation picks two new directors at 38th shareholders meeting
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-972122.mp3

Fishing safety research threatened by budget cuts
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-972125.mp3

Friday marks 69th anniversary of bombing of Dutch Harbor
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-971453.mp3

Unalaska honors living, dead at Memorial Day Celebration
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-971259.mp3

Two Alaskans in Paris
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-970807.mp3

Divers recover one ton of marine debris from Unalaska&#039;s harbors
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-970604.mp3

Local student competes at Intel International Science Fair
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-969673.mp3

Unalaska sees spike in counterfeit money
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-969256.mp3

Vocational and physical education curriculums get an update
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-968095.mp3

Unalaska students weigh opportunities at career fair
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-967545.mp3

Two earthquakes hit Sand Point
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-967327.mp3

Unalaska students prepare for Native Youth Olympics
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-966064.mp3

Six students qualify for state band
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-965851.mp3

Unalaskans take a global approach to Easter celebration
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-965348.mp3

Submarine attracts spectators in Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-964653.mp3

Nine Unalaska residents receive U.S. citizenship
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-963668.mp3

Alyeska Trading Company to close its doors
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-961747.mp3

A new way of teaching Unangam Tunuu?
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-959727.mp3

Many Unalaska winners in regional refuge calendar contest
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-957598.mp3

Unalaska reacts to tsunami warning
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-957265.mp3

Community members register discontent with clinic management
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-957028.mp3

Community members raise awareness of violence against women for V-Day
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-954711.mp3

The old man of the sea
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-954710.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska! - Rep. Bryce Edgmon, Pt. 2
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-954486.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska! - Rep. Bryce Edgmon, Pt. 1
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-954485.mp3

Vessels collide in Captains Bay
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-952846.mp3

Fishing vessel spills diesel fuel near OSI dock
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-952845.mp3

How will this session of Congress shape fisheries management?
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-951908.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska! - Edgmon&#039;s priorities for the legislative session, Pt. 2
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-951623.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska! - Edgmon&#039;s priorities for the legislative session, Pt. 1
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-951588.mp3

NIOSH makes progress on fishing industry injury study
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-950053.mp3

Bering Fisheries opens for business
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-947715.mp3

Steller sea lions could take six years to downlist
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-947223.mp3

Board of Fisheries allows cod fishing in the western Aleutians
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-946645.mp3

Akutan&#039;s Russian Orthodox Maskers bring in the New Year with an old custom
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-946044.mp3

Unalaskans celebrate Russian Christmas
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-944750.mp3

Unalaska library to upgrade Internet capabilities
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-942779.mp3

How can communities cope with sexual assault?
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-942769.mp3

Unalaskans celebrate Christmas
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-942763.mp3

An elephant seal in Unalaska?
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-940983.mp3

Adak Expected to Lose Jet Service as Part of EAS Cutbacks
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/02/28_adakeas_web.mp3

North Pacific Council To Review Chum Bycatch Regs
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/02/24_chum_web.mp3

The Exchange: Judi Ruder on Quilting
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/02/22_the_exchange_-_bweb.mp3

The Exchange: Karen Pilande on Dating Violence
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/02/22_the_exchange_-_aweb.mp3

Izembek refuge celebrates 50th anniversary
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-938908.mp3

Unalaskans prepare for Thanksgiving
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-936891.mp3

FishExpo attendance up
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-936456.mp3

Potential biomedical uses for pollock byproduct
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-935127.mp3

Alaska&#039;s first tsunami workshop wraps up
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-933587.mp3

Senate race to impact fisheries policy
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-932161.mp3

Meet the Candidates: Scott McAdams
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-932074.mp3

Meet the Candidates: Joe Miller
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-932082.mp3

Meet the Candidates: Lisa Murkowski
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-932061.mp3

State observes Alaska Day
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-929902.mp3

A tale of two islands
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-928741.mp3

The mysteries of Alaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-928153.mp3

St. Paul Tribal Government to study diet of Steller sea lions
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-927930.mp3

Could more collaboration lead to more conservative fisheries management?
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-926905.mp3

Mayoral candidates look at city finances
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-926131.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska! - The Comprehensive Plan Pt. 1
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-926119.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska! - The Comprehensive Plan Pt. 2
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-926126.mp3

Permanent Fund dividend announced
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-925080.mp3

Two endangered albatrosses taken as bycatch
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-925002.mp3

Emergency towing system tests first responders
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-923988.mp3

Descendants visit Kashega and Biorka
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-922548.mp3

State petitions to remove Eastern Steller sea lions off endangered species list
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-922168.mp3

Alaska Coast Guard says goodbye to its last LORAN station
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-920970.mp3

Heart of the Aleutians festival brings out community
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-920168.mp3

Japanese filmmakers study Aleutian ecosystem
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-918770.mp3

Camp Qungaayux  wraps up
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-918769.mp3

Camp Qungaayux kicks off with fish preparation
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-918512.mp3

Genetic Diversity Could Be Key to Climate Change Survival for King Crab
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/02/15CrabGenetics_web.mp3

PenAir Plane Gets 10-Month Hawaiian Vacation
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/02/14_penair_-_pkg.mp3

Alaska Shield Preps Public Safety for Extreme Disasters
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/02/13_shield_-_web.MP3

Hands-On Learning Fosters Love for Science
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/02/14Challenger_web.mp3

The Exchange: Governor Sean Parnell on Energy Policy
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/02/08_theexchange_-_aseg.mp3

The Exchange: Pennelope Goforth on the &quot;Lost Aleutian Ledgers&quot;
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/02/08_the_exchange_-_bseg_0.mp3

NMFS releases Steller sea lion BiOp
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-916297.mp3

Akutan geothermal project moves forward
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-915431.mp3

A restored manuscript recalls life in the Pribilofs
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-915371.mp3

Adak and Sitka move forward on bulk water exports
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-914676.mp3

An Alaska Volcano Observatory team heads to Okmok
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-912383.mp3

Study concludes that fishermen go for profits, not predators
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-912155.mp3

Greenpeace founder who protested nuclear testing at Amchitka dies at age 84
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-912154.mp3

Bald eagles interfere with daily lives of locals
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-911642.mp3

Unalaska gears up for Independence Day
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-911412.mp3

Averting disaster at sea
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-911407.mp3

Recovery efforts continue after helicopter crash
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-908752.mp3

To the Arctic and beyond: NASA launches first oceanographic mission
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-907923.mp3

The tides of change
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-907646.mp3

NASA oceanographic expedition to depart from Dutch Harbor
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-906424.mp3

Marine Stewardship Council certifies Alaska flatfish fishery
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-905968.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska! - Roger Rowland and Nancy Peterson - pt. 1
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-901223.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska! - Roger Rowland and Nancy Peterson - pt. 2
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-901230.mp3

Singing in the start of spring
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-900763.mp3

Head shaving event raises more than $24 K for cancer research
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-899901.mp3

New book highlights eastern Aleut culture and ties to commercial fishing
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-899154.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska! Earth Day Edition - part 1
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-898606.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska! Earth Day Edition - part 2
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-898611.mp3

New exhibit features WWII battle of Kiska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-897837.mp3

Tests show new salmon excluder device works
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-896826.mp3

Bottom trawl gear kills crabs, but impact can be reduced
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-896001.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska!  with Bryce Edgmon - Part 3 from April 8, 2010
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-895765.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska!  with Bryce Edgmon - Part 2 from April 8, 2010
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-895757.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska!  with Bryce Edgmon - Part 1 from April 8, 2010
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-895718.mp3

Auklets reveal new ideas for evolutionary biology
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-895214.mp3

State capital budget includes $8.5 mil for Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-895212.mp3

Climate change may be hard on pollock
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-894749.mp3

Outdoors Unalaska: Scuba diving in the Bering Sea
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-893817.mp3

Pollock may not be the best bet for sea lion health
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-893389.mp3

Western Aleutian fish contaminated by old military sites
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-891897.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska! - Robinson &amp; Schasteen - Part 1
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-891627.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska! - Robinson &amp; Schasteen - Part 2
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-891628.mp3

Timelines Proposed for Impact Statement on Steller Sea Lion Regulations
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/02/09_sslbrief_-_pkg.mp3

Former Resident Discovers &quot;Lost Aleutian Ledgers&quot;
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/02/03_ledgers_web.mp3

International Women&#039;s Day Interviews -- Juliette Vries
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-890525.mp3

International Women&#039;s Day Interviews -- Terry Abarro
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-890502.mp3

International Women&#039;s Day Interviews -- Katie Hallgrin
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-890478.mp3

Basketball tourney starts with cultural performances, some teams weathered out  
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-888789.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska!  with Bryce Edgmon - Part 2 for March 1, 2010
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-888545.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska!  with Bryce Edgmon - Part 1 for March 1, 2010
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-888541.mp3

Fur seal research shows Bering Sea is more mysterious than thought
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-884871.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska!  with Bryce Edgmon - Part 2
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-883430.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska!  with Bryce Edgmon - Part 1
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-883426.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska! - Part 2
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-881735.mp3

Speak Up, Unalaska! - Part 1
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-881730.mp3

Unalaska resident studies in Senegal
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-881421.mp3

Ruiz wins local Poetry Out Loud competition
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-876407.mp3

Your Voices: The Holidays
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-876194.mp3

What&#039;s the New What: Tattoos are the new locket
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-876156.mp3

Unalaskan conducts new research on Giant Pacific Octopus
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-873803.mp3

Unalaska&#039;s second hand Black Friday
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-873346.mp3

Thanksgiving survey: what local kids are thankful for
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-873019.mp3

Outdoors Unalaska: Jeanette Alas&#039;s 5 month hike
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-872231.mp3

Giant gas-powered gun for shooting cargo into space might come to Adak
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-870935.mp3

Three students headed to all-state band
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-869682.mp3

Bogoslof Island celebrates 100 years of protection
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-868409.mp3

New Aleutian archaeological projects in works
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-868397.mp3

Outdoors Unalaska: Dan Young&#039;s trek
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-867420.mp3

Community Wellness: Domestic Violence
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-866876.mp3

Your Voices: Love Your Body Day
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-866679.mp3

Project Jukebox brings Unalaska&#039;s history to life
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-866673.mp3

Trekkers publish book on journey to Unimak Island
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-866475.mp3

Public saftey holds active shooter drill at city hall
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-866290.mp3

New research shows how Steller Sea Lions die
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-866001.mp3

Lots of Snow Means Little Rest for Roads Crew
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/01/31_snow_-_web.MP3

Rough Weather Means Slow Start for Pollock
http://cpa.ds.npr.org/kucb/audio/2012/01/23_aseason_-_web.mp3

Raiders volleyball team meets first at home challenge
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-865129.mp3

Mariner attempts sixth solo circumnavigation
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-864055.mp3

Throat lozenge contest brings tourists to Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-862928.mp3

Planetarium gives students new perspectives on space
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-861881.mp3

Russian nationalism on the rise
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-861880.mp3

Boat sails the Northeast passage to witness effects of sea ice withdrawal
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-861157.mp3

Unalaska hosts Aleutian Risk Assessment Meeting
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-860195.mp3

Energy Committee hears Unalaska&#039;s concerns
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-857625.mp3

Community Wellness: Grief and Loss
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-856904.mp3

Devastated island has signs of life
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-856375.mp3

Community celebrates life in the Aleutians
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-855912.mp3

Fil-Am presents first Unalaskan Santacruzan
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-855914.mp3

Smoking ban goes into effect
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-854448.mp3

Culture camp teaches local traditions for 12th year
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-851072.mp3

StoryCorps: Daniel Weirich
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-850574.mp3

Special Report: Fishing vessel safety and changing regulations
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-848620.mp3

Sailors head for NW Passage to learn about climate change
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-848613.mp3

Unalaskans react to Palin&#039;s resignation
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-847645.mp3

Crabs, from the inside out
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-846646.mp3

Scientists map Pribiloff Canyon and blue king crab habitat
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-846430.mp3

StoryCorps: Shirley Marquardt &amp; Tammy Pound
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-844234.mp3

Ceremonial beginning to the small boat harbor
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-843342.mp3

Fiber optics -- and high speed internet --  coming to Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-842856.mp3

Pollock &#039;B&#039; Season gets underway
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-842855.mp3

StoryCorps: Katherine Grimnes and Maria Turnpaugh
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-841616.mp3

Shell Oil visits Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-837534.mp3

New study shows fish feel pain
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-836441.mp3

Divers take community clean-up to new depths
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-835950.mp3

Community Crossroads: Camarade Balinda
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-833604.mp3

StoryCorps: Frank Kelty
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-832837.mp3

Proposed smoking ban stirs up controversy
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-832650.mp3

Horizon Lines proposal to take over city dock operations met with opposition
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-832308.mp3

Incentives to avoid salmon
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-831228.mp3

Walrus scat could be clue to understanding Arctic
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-830734.mp3

The science of salmon bycatch
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-830490.mp3

NPFMC decides hard cap limit, incentive program
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-830025.mp3

Healy visits Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-829779.mp3

NPFMC salmon bycatch debate: Small boats, small families 
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-829778.mp3

Salmon vs. pollock?Not necessarily: the bycatch debate
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-828091.mp3

Quilting for love
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-828083.mp3

Community Crossroads: Jennifer Shockley
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-827339.mp3

Name Change Proposed for Rat Island
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2012/01/20120123_ingest_171440358.mp3?orgId=743

New mental health research aims to help  the Aleutians 
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-826417.mp3

WWII map reveals secrets of Fort Glenn
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-825686.mp3

Unangum Tunuu considered &quot;endangered&quot;
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-825421.mp3

All four men rescued from grounded vessel
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-822901.mp3

Houseboat sinks near Alyeska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-822902.mp3

Community members react to proposed smoking ban
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-822565.mp3

Boys win, girls lose in first games of tournament
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-821563.mp3

City to sue federal government for $4 million
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-820526.mp3

Moller selected as rural adviser to governor
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-820270.mp3

Statehood specials: A.B. Rankin
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-819136.mp3

Pollock season starting slow
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-818515.mp3

Eye on Unalaska - Father Michael Oleksa
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-818232.mp3

When birds strike...
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-817752.mp3

Community Crossroads: Jeanne Duhan
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-817357.mp3

New MCA study shows economic impact of Alaska&#039;s fishing industry
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-816738.mp3

Unalaskans celebrate the historic presidential inauguration
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-816248.mp3

UCSD hosts a presidential wax museum
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-815951.mp3

Unalaska City Report - Part Two
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-815678.mp3

Unalaska City Report - Part One
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-815677.mp3

Coast Guard honors Alaska Warrior
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-815398.mp3

High levels of sea ice cause problems for fishermen
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-815165.mp3

Unalaskans celebrate Russian Christmas
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-813897.mp3

Unalaska celebrates statehood
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-813137.mp3

Statehood specials: Mary Turnpaugh
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-812360.mp3

Cod prices are falling
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-811598.mp3

Operation Santa lands in Akutan
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-809959.mp3

Local teacher visits Galapagos
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-809958.mp3

The Chipmunks spend Christmas in Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-807739.mp3

USFW designates critical sea otter habitat in Aleutians
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-807177.mp3

New high-tech wind turbine goes up while council discusses new regulations
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-806637.mp3

Fourth anniversary of the Selendang Ayu accident
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-802417.mp3

Greenpeace argues for lower pollock quotas, NOAA scientists say it&#039;s unnecessary
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-800639.mp3

Geothermal project at standstill
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-785077.mp3

Unalaskans prepare for election day
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-785061.mp3

City council discusses general fund, energy rebate
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-783199.mp3

Dead sea lion dissection 
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-775897.mp3

Lt. Gov. visits Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-775237.mp3

Navy officially recognizes remains of USS. Grunion
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-772980.mp3

Alaska Ranger captain&#039;s daughter goes on a personl journey of healing through film
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-772924.mp3

Public safety union and city enter arbitrations
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-772910.mp3

Blueberry Bash draws big crowd
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-767237.mp3

Murrelet population decline could indicate larger problems
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-765798.mp3

Your Voices: What will you do with your PFD?
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-764617.mp3

Your Voices: How will the economic crisis affect Unalaska? 
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-764019.mp3

Researchers tag humpbacks in Unalaska Bay
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-761957.mp3

Medicine Dream brings music therapy
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-760118.mp3

City council considers energy relief
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-758164.mp3

Adak&#039;s power and debt problems continue
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-755581.mp3

Photographers documenting the Aleutians
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-754160.mp3

Aleutian caves reveal past
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-753621.mp3

The aftermath of a volcano
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-753600.mp3

Crabbers Eye Advancing Ice
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2012/01/20120113_ingest_131824325.mp3?orgId=743

Vessel Runs Aground on Little South America
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2012/01/20120109_ingest_213639956.mp3?orgId=743

The Jones Act Strikes Again
http://pd.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/743/ingest/2012/01/20120106_ingest_140933608.mp3?orgId=743

Big Crowd at the Heart of the Aleutians Festival
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-752084.mp3

Tundra Golf Classic
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-743361.mp3

Tundra Golf Classic
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-743362.mp3

The Ring of Fire rumbles on 
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-741877.mp3

Crab ratz cost recovery fee reduced to 1.05%
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-741860.mp3

Edgmon says energy relief not what he hoped for
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-741859.mp3

Pollock survey returns
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-741818.mp3

Unalaskans react to Stevens&#039; indictment
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-739697.mp3

Community Crossroads: Kristjan Laxfoss
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-739678.mp3

Russian radio vs. the volcano
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-737057.mp3

Nikolski residents finally leave island
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-736822.mp3

Cleveland volcano erupts
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-736799.mp3

Russian Radio Expeditions
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-732867.mp3

Aleutians accident risk assessment plan in works
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-732139.mp3

Shell Oil uses Dutch Harbor as staging ground
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-732137.mp3

APICDA opens new processing plant in False Pass
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-731600.mp3

Community Crossroads: Lana Nguyen
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-731598.mp3

Community Crossroads: Lana Nguyen
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-731598.mp3

NOAA research vessel stuck in port
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-730543.mp3

NOAA research vessel stuck in port
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-730542.mp3

Okmok volcano erupts, ranch evacuated
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-730137.mp3

Long time resident Quirk leaves for Homer
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-728889.mp3

Samoan dancers share culture on 4th of July
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-728401.mp3

Faces of Freedom -- what does that mean to you?
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-727219.mp3

Fireworks show in the works
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-727208.mp3

Adak running out of fuel, can&#039;t afford more
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-726859.mp3

Adak running out of fuel, can&#039;t afford more
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-726858.mp3

Metal salvaging project at Unalaska landfill
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-725157.mp3

Lost villages project
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-724800.mp3

Reactions to rising fuel prices
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-724440.mp3

Nikolski village council builds geodesic greenhouse
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-722737.mp3

Local writer and long time resident moves
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-722564.mp3

Tide pool posse goes on a field trip
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-718997.mp3

Berrimilla passes through to Northwest Passage
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-718880.mp3

Weir fish running late
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-717681.mp3

WWII Vet visits Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-717678.mp3

Bishop visits Russian Orthodox Church
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-715457.mp3

Alaska Ranger investigation could end Friday
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-715417.mp3

School hatchery releases fish 
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-714200.mp3

Unalaskan attends state Democratic Convention
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-712577.mp3

Unalaskans honor Memorial Day
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-711459.mp3

The world within the Tustumena
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-710120.mp3

The Tustumena in Southwest AK 
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-708437.mp3

MMS hears from Unalaska on Bristol Bay drilling
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-707759.mp3

Gelding project finishes
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-707219.mp3

Gelding project finishes
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-707218.mp3

Ferry authorities taking comments on fall/winter schedule
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-705658.mp3

Former Alaska Ranger captain: no confrontation over sea ice
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-697397.mp3

Cracked steel in bulkheads could have weakened Alaska Ranger
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-697017.mp3

Survivors: fish master drove Alaska Ranger dangerously in ice
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-696617.mp3

Alaska Ranger hearings resume in Seattle
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-696137.mp3

Inspectors: Alaska Ranger was OK in January
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-692677.mp3

Alaska Ranger assistant engineer admits to struggles with drinking at sea
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-692337.mp3

Alaska Ranger assistant engineer admits to drinking on the ship
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-692345.mp3

Marine Board looks at sea ice, other factors in Alaska Ranger case
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-691557.mp3

Alaska Ranger survivor says crew was drinking before ship sank
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-691157.mp3

Marine Board of Investigation begins in Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-690918.mp3

Alaska Ranger survivor recounts ship&#039;s final moments
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-690537.mp3

For Alaska Ranger and other H&amp;G trawlers, safety regs were in flux
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-690198.mp3

Search called off for missing Alaska Ranger crew member
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-689486.mp3

Search continues for missing Alaska Ranger crew member
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-689380.mp3

Some Alaska Ranger surivors arrive safely in Unalaska
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-688977.mp3

China now second-largest importer of Alaskan seafood
http://stream.publicbroadcasting.net/production/mp3/kial/local-kial-688717.mp3

